Readme.md, before:

# 📡 Packet Sniffer

## 📖 Overview
The **Packet Sniffer** is a Python-based tool that allows users to monitor network traffic in real-time. It detects active network interfaces, provides an option to select one or multiple interfaces, and captures packets flowing through them.

## ✨ Features
- 🔍 Detects and lists all active network interfaces with their IP addresses.
- 🎛️ Allows users to select specific interfaces or sniff on all interfaces.
- 📡 Captures and displays details of TCP, UDP, and IP packets.
- 💻 Compatible with **Windows** (requires Npcap) and **Linux**.

## ⚙️ Requirements
- 🐍 **Python 3.x**
- 📦 **Scapy** (`pip install scapy`)
- 📦 **Psutil** (`pip install psutil`)
- 🖥️ **Windows Users:** Install [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) (ensure **WinPcap API-compatible mode** is enabled).

## 🛠️ Installation
1. Clone this repository or download the script:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo/Packet-Sniffer.git
   cd Packet-Sniffer
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## 🚀 Usage
1. Run the script:
   ```sh
   python packet-sniffer.py
   ```
2. Select the network interface(s) by entering their corresponding numbers, or press **Enter** to sniff on all interfaces.
3. View captured packets in the terminal in real-time.

## 📊 Example Output
```
Connected network interfaces:
[0] Wi-Fi - IP: 192.168.0.102
[1] Ethernet - IP: 192.168.1.2
Enter interface numbers separated by commas (or press Enter to select all): 0
Sniffing on: Wi-Fi
[+] Packet: 192.168.0.1 -> 192.168.0.102 | Protocol: 6 (TCP)
    TCP Packet | Src Port: 443 -> Dst Port: 53421
```

## 📜 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit **issues** or **pull requests** to improve this tool. 🚀

Commit message:

updated Readme: added 'Important Notice' section

Readme.md, after:

# 📡 Packet Sniffer

## 📖 Overview
The **Packet Sniffer** is a Python-based tool that allows users to monitor network traffic in real-time. It detects active network interfaces, provides an option to select one or multiple interfaces, and captures packets flowing through them.

## ✨ Features
- 🔍 Detects and lists all active network interfaces with their IP addresses.
- 🎛️ Allows users to select specific interfaces or sniff on all interfaces.
- 📡 Captures and displays details of TCP, UDP, and IP packets.
- 💻 Compatible with **Windows** (requires Npcap) and **Linux**.

## ⚙️ Requirements
- 🐍 **Python 3.x**
- 📦 **Scapy** (`pip install scapy`)
- 📦 **Psutil** (`pip install psutil`)
- 🖥️ **Windows Users:** Install [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) (ensure **WinPcap API-compatible mode** is enabled).

## 🛠️ Installation
1. Clone this repository or download the script:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo/Packet-Sniffer.git
   cd Packet-Sniffer
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## 🚀 Usage
1. Run the script:
   ```sh
   python packet-sniffer.py
   ```
2. Select the network interface(s) by entering their corresponding numbers, or press **Enter** to sniff on all interfaces.
3. View captured packets in the terminal in real-time.

## 📊 Example Output
```
Connected network interfaces:
[0] Wi-Fi - IP: 192.168.0.102
[1] Ethernet - IP: 192.168.1.2
Enter interface numbers separated by commas (or press Enter to select all): 0
Sniffing on: Wi-Fi
[+] Packet: 192.168.0.1 -> 192.168.0.102 | Protocol: 6 (TCP)
    TCP Packet | Src Port: 443 -> Dst Port: 53421
```
## ⚠️ Important Notice
🔴 **DISCLAIMER:** This tool is strictly for **educational and ethical security testing purposes only**. Unauthorized use to intercept or monitor network traffic without explicit permission is illegal and may violate privacy laws such as the CFAA (U.S.), GDPR (Europe), and other regulations. The user is responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and obtaining proper authorization before using this tool.  

## 📜 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit **issues** or **pull requests** to improve this tool. 🚀
